
# From Thomas Jefferson to College of William and Mary, 22 January 1823

### 13 reprints from 1823-01-22 to 1870-07-26

## From Thomas Jefferson to College of William and Mary, 22 January 1823

#### by Jefferson, Thomas

#### From unknown source

#### 1823-01-22

<table style="width: 100%;"><tr><td style="width: 50%">

n the aforesaid sum of $24.705 as it shall be recieved by the said Th: Jefferson Randolph or appropriated to his use as above recited, and shall repay to the said President and Masters or Professors of the College of William Mary or their successors the said sum of $24.705 and each part thereof whenever it shall be demanded of him, or his heirs or assigns—then the above obligation to be void or else remain in full force and virtuesealed and delivered byThomas Jefferson
</td></tr></table>

---

## [[FROM OF BOND ]](http://trove.nla.gov.au/ndp/del/article/155010962)

#### From _The Age (Melbourne, Vic. : 1854 - 1954)_

#### 1862-06-26 &middot; [Melbourne, Victoria](http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne)

<table style="width: 100%;"><tr><td style="width: 50%">

s  
specified as aforesaid shall be  
forwarded to Victoria, and if they shall  
be provided with certificates from the  
magisterial authority of the place or  
district from which they were selected,  
or ether person duly authorised in that  
respect, to the effect that thoy are  
skilled in the description of labor  
specified, and froe from any mental or  
bodily defect, and if the said shall  
reimburse the Government of Victoria the  
cost of the conveyance of the said  
immigrants in the event of their being  
declared by the Board of Immigration  
Commissioners in Melbourne, on arrival,  
to be disqualified then the above  
obligation to be void, or else to remain  
and be in full force and virtue. Sealed  
and delivered by the abovenamed in th
</td></tr></table>

---

## [No. II — REGULATIONS FOR THE INTRODUCTION OF VINEEDRESSERS AND OTHERS FROM EUROPE.](http://trove.nla.gov.au/ndp/del/article/66325108)

#### From _The Star (Ballarat, Vic. : 1855 - 1864)_

#### 1862-06-27 &middot; [Ballarat, Victoria](http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballarat)

<table style="width: 100%;"><tr><td style="width: 50%">

  
to be dis-qualified, then the above  
obligation to be void, or elso to remain  
and be in full force and virtue. Sealed  
and delivered by&#x27;the above-named , i
</td></tr></table>

---

## [No. I.—NOMINATION REGULATIONS.](http://trove.nla.gov.au/ndp/del/article/109905743)

#### From _Gippsland Guardian (Vic. : 1855 - 1868)_

#### 1862-07-04 &middot; [Gippsland, Victoria](http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gippsland)

<table style="width: 100%;"><tr><td style="width: 50%">

eci fied as aforesaid  
shall be forwarded to Vic toria, and if  
they shall be provided with certificates  
from the magisterial authority of the  
place or district from which they were  
selected or other person duly authorised  
in that respect, to the effect that  
thejr are skilled in the description of  
labor specified, and free from any  
mental or bodily defect, and if the said  
shall reimburse] the Government of  
Victoria the cost of the conveyance of  
the said immigrants in the event of  
their being declared by the Board of  
Immigration Commissioners in Melbourne,  
on arrival, to be disqualified, then the  
above obligation to be void, or else to  
remain and be in full force and virtue.  
Sealed and delivered by the above-name
</td></tr></table>

---

## [REGULATIONS FOR THE INTRODUCTION OF IMMIGRANTS. (FROM TUESDAY NIGHT'S GAZETTE.)](http://trove.nla.gov.au/ndp/del/article/6488163)

#### From _The Argus (Melbourne, Vic. : 1848 - 1957)_

#### 1863-08-14 &middot; [Melbourne, Victoria](http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne)

<table style="width: 100%;"><tr><td style="width: 50%">

  
disqualified, then the above obli-gation  
to be void, or else to remain and bo in  
full force and virtue. Sealed and  
delivered by the abovonamai in the  
presence o
</td></tr></table>

---

## [IMMIGRATION REGULATIONS. (FROM TUESDAY'S GAZRTTE.)](http://trove.nla.gov.au/ndp/del/article/5736474)

#### From _The Argus (Melbourne, Vic. : 1848 - 1957)_

#### 1863-10-01 &middot; [Melbourne, Victoria](http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne)

<table style="width: 100%;"><tr><td style="width: 50%">

  
to be disqualified, then the above  
obligation to be void, or else to re-  
main and be in full force and virtue.  
Sealed and delivered by ?&gt; the above
</td></tr></table>

---

## [THE CONSULS AND IMMIGRATION. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS.](http://trove.nla.gov.au/ndp/del/article/5822697)

#### From _The Argus (Melbourne, Vic. : 1848 - 1957)_

#### 1870-06-11 &middot; [Melbourne, Victoria](http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne)

<table style="width: 100%;"><tr><td style="width: 50%">

  
the event of their being declared by the  
Board of Immi-gration Commissioners in  
Melbourne, on arrival, to be  
disqualified, then the above obligation  
to be void, or else to remain and be in  
full force and virtue. Sealed and  
delivered by the abovenarnod in th
</td></tr></table>

---

## [IMMIGPATION REGULATIONS. UNDER THE ACT 27 VICTORIA, No. 195.](http://trove.nla.gov.au/ndp/del/article/61345611)

#### From _Gippsland Times (Vic. : 1861 - 1954)_

#### 1870-06-18 &middot; [Gippsland, Victoria](http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gippsland)

<table style="width: 100%;"><tr><td style="width: 50%">

  
the said immigrants in the event of  
their being declared by the Board of  
Immigration Commissioners in Melbourne,  
on arrival. to be disqualified, then the  
above obligation to be void, or else to  
remain and be in full ferce and virtue.  
Sealed and delivered by the abovename
</td></tr></table>

---

## [IMMIGRATION REGULATIONS. UNDER THE ACT 27 VICTORIA, No. 195.](http://trove.nla.gov.au/ndp/del/article/61345626)

#### From _Gippsland Times (Vic. : 1861 - 1954)_

#### 1870-06-21 &middot; [Gippsland, Victoria](http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gippsland)

<table style="width: 100%;"><tr><td style="width: 50%">

  
event of their being declared by the  
Board of Immigration Commissioners in  
Melbourne, on arrival, to be  
disqualified, then the above obligation  
to be void, or else to remain and be in  
full force and virtue. Sealed and  
delivered by the abovenamed in th
</td></tr></table>

---

## [IMMIGRATION REGULATIONS. UNDER THE ACT 27 VICTORIA, No. 195.](http://trove.nla.gov.au/ndp/del/article/61345714)

#### From _Gippsland Times (Vic. : 1861 - 1954)_

#### 1870-07-05 &middot; [Gippsland, Victoria](http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gippsland)

<table style="width: 100%;"><tr><td style="width: 50%">

  
the said immi. grants in the event of  
their being declared by the Board of  
Immigration Commissioners in Melbourne,  
on arrival, to be disqualified, then the  
above obliga. tion to be void, or else  
to remain and be in full force and  
virtue. Sealed and delivered by th
</td></tr></table>

---

## [IMMIGRATION REGULATIONS. UNDER THE ACT 27 VICTORIA, No. 195.](http://trove.nla.gov.au/ndp/del/article/61345762)

#### From _Gippsland Times (Vic. : 1861 - 1954)_

#### 1870-07-12 &middot; [Gippsland, Victoria](http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gippsland)

<table style="width: 100%;"><tr><td style="width: 50%">

  
disqualified, then the above obliga.  
tion to be void, or else to remain and  
be in full force and virtue. Sealed and  
delivered by the above-. named in th
</td></tr></table>

---

## [IMMIGRATION REGULATIONS. UNDER THE ACT 27 VICTORIA, No. 195.](http://trove.nla.gov.au/ndp/del/article/61345810)

#### From _Gippsland Times (Vic. : 1861 - 1954)_

#### 1870-07-23 &middot; [Gippsland, Victoria](http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gippsland)

<table style="width: 100%;"><tr><td style="width: 50%">

  
to be disqualified, then the above  
obligation to be void, or else to remain  
and be in full force and virtue. Sealed  
and delivered by the abovenamed in th
</td></tr></table>

---

## [IMMIGRATION REGULATIONS. UNDER THE ACT 27 VICTORIA, No. 195.](http://trove.nla.gov.au/ndp/del/article/61345839)

#### From _Gippsland Times (Vic. : 1861 - 1954)_

#### 1870-07-26 &middot; [Gippsland, Victoria](http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gippsland)

<table style="width: 100%;"><tr><td style="width: 50%">

  
of the said immigrants in the event of  
their being declared by the Board of  
Immigration Commissioners in Melbourne,  
on arrival, to be disqualified, then the  
above obliga. tion to be void, or else  
to remain and be in full force and  
virtue. Sealed and delivered by th
</td></tr></table>

---

